---
title: "2024-04-29: Dev standup"
date: "2024-04-29"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Rushiraj

## Discussion

* Rushiraj: following our tech discussion last week, started to focus on QGNet
  portal. Have made some good progress on that - portal setup in dev env. Setup
  to pull across all D1 repos, not just ADC. Starting to collect QGreenland
  related data from all member nodes. Working on getting cesium map up and
  ready. Should be ready this week.
    * Looking for dataset to test.
    * Adding all d1 datasets adds ~500 new Greenland-related datasets!
* Rushiraj: discussed time allocation, and requirements for other
  projects. Currently 80% QGr-Net 20% other projects for next couple of
  months. 4 days/week on QGreenland-Net.
    * Matt F. will continue to work close to full time on QGr-Net in May.
    * Trey S. will go down to 25% starting in May.
* Matt F. and Trey S. working on "simple" recipe using parsl.
    * Goal to transform seal tag & sea ice index data on ADC k8s using parsl.


## Action items

- [ ] Trey to create Google Doc for our milestones meeting today
