---
title: "2024-05-15: Dev standup"
date: "2024-05-15"
---

###### tags: `standup` `notes` `qgreenland-net`

## Participants

* Matt F
* Trey
* Rushiraj


## Activities review

* One person shares screen (rotate!)
* Review columns right-to-left:
  * What is newly completed? Nothing new here.
  * What is waiting for review?
      * Nothing new to review, but would like some initial feedback on Argo
  * What is currently being worked on?
      * Matt: currently digging into Argo.
          * Opened a PR to get a fix for docs: <https://github.com/argoproj/argo-workflows/pull/13047>
          * Building out real use-cases of argo workflows & figure out how that works
      * Trey: No major updates. I am going to the CIRES rendezvous tomorrow to present poster on QGreenland 2023 workshops.
      * Rushiraj: still working on portal updates
          * Using parsl to parallelize processing. Tiling in PDG workflows takes a very long time.
          * Getting closer, expecting to have at least one layer setup by end of week.
  * What will we work on next?
      * Prepare for design meeting. Matt to post when2meet
      *



## Discussion

* Nothing today!


## Action items

- [ ] Matt: Send out when2meet for design and norms meetings
