---
title: "2024-12-16: Dev standup"
date: "2024-12-16"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj
* Alyona

## Discussion

* Trey: PRs for `ogdc-runner` and `ogdc-recipes` that implement support for
  simple recipes run via argo/hera. Currently adding integration test to assert
  that a simple workflow successfully executes on local cluster
* PRs and merging:
    * Require at least one review
    * Contributing guidelines:
        * Rushiraj: will share NCEAS contributing docs. (e.g., prefix branch name with `feature-` or `bugfix-`).
            * [CONTRIBUTING doc](https://github.com/NCEAS/metacatui/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#-development-workflow)
        * Alyona: not a fan of `development` branch.
        * Should we have expectations around PR approvals & how long we should expect to wait.
        * [PDG_workflow](https://github.com/orgs/PermafrostDiscoveryGateway/projects/16)
            * related to OGDC3, OGDC4
    * Next week holiday time off:
        * Rushiraj & Alyona: 20th-Jan 5 off
        * Robyn: 25th-6th
        * Trey: 25-Jan 1


## Action items

- [x] Create a ticket for Update/create architecture diagrams. Show where we are
      now and what we still want to
      do. <https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/qgreenland-net.github.io/issues/68>
- [ ] [name=Rushiraj] Schedule meeting for portal-specific development. What
      level of effort to add new layers to portal?When2meet for this with
      options for 2nd half of January
