---
title: "2025-10-20: Dev standup"
date: "2025-10-20"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj

## Discussion/Activities review

* [name=Robyn]
    * New draft of GSW poster [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19MZO0KXcWKq7YtEx_vEpMBJji7P7rY9O/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=114095260832443353296&rtpof=true&sd=true)
    * Runner PR review
    * Began working on setting up `ogdc-helm` chart publication
* [name=Trey]
    * Will help get deployment going today
    * new PR to be opened fixing some bugs
    * Out this Friday
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Complete suggested changes for [ogdc-helm#26](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-helm/pull/26) OGDC-helm stack
    * Merge [ogdc-helm#27](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-helm/pull/27) for Ingress changes
    * Review [odgc-helm#30](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-helm/pull/30) by Robyn for cleaning up workflow pods on successful run
    * Documenting viz workflow changes and adding small updates
    * Out Wed. and Thrus.


## Action items

- [ ] Use checkboxes here!
