---
title: "2025-03-12: Dev standup"
date: "2025-03-12"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn M.
* Alyona
* Rushiraj

## Activities review

* Project board review
* Updates round the room

## Discussion

* Robyn:
    * Merged PR with changes to qgnet site to include information about workshops
    * Near done with RTD work
* Rushiraj
    * No additional updates, but some new PRs are open. More focus on QGreenland later this week.
* Alyona
    * Worked with Rushiraj on infrastructure & processing
    * [Opened PR](https://github.com/PermafrostDiscoveryGateway/viz-workflow/pull/54) to begin utilizing parquet instead of csv in viz workflow.
* Trey:
    * Reminder about upcoming all-hands on Monday. Agenda on Ongoing notes Google document.

## Action items

- [ ] [name=Rushiraj] Update QGnet portal query before Monday's AHM
- [ ] Review existing PRs, diagrams and slides for QGreenlandNet
