---
title: "2025-01-08: Dev standup"
date: "2025-01-08"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Alyona
* Rushiraj

## Activities review

* Trey:
    * [OGDC-helm PR/s](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-helm/pulls)
    * currently working on architecture diagrams and designing reusable templates
* Robyn:
    * [Contributing doc](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/qgreenland-net.github.io/blob/043bd45c2419b7ac7be517c7a728ab92c31dbdc8/contributing/index.md) merged with `main`
    * working on feature [Support recipes from GH](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/issues/40)
    * Robyn and Alyona having STAC metadata meeting later today
* Alyona:
    * Continue working on WMTS doc generation / testing
* RR:
    * Continue working on modularity for PDG packages
    * ADC Site visit dates 01/14/25 and 01/15/25

## Discussion

* Discuss [Architecture diagram](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/qgreenland-net.github.io/issues/68)
    * https://qgreenland-net.github.io/diagrams/
    * Publication of data
        * Viz workflow produces geotiffs and png data
    * PDG workflow: https://github.com/PermafrostDiscoveryGateway/viz-workflow
* [Issue 40 - allow links](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/pull/41)
* Ask Trey about Quarto archival process for standups

## Action items

- [ ] [name=Rushiraj] Schedule call for architecture with Matt and qgnet team
- [ ] [name=*] Review Trey's PRs
