---
title: "2025-12-02: Dev standup"
date: "2025-12-02"
---

## Participants

* Robyn
* Trey
* Rushiraj



## Activities review

* [name=Rushiraj]
    * [WIP] Parallel interface
        * discuss: [2025-12-01](https://qgreenland-net.github.io/notes/2025-12-01_dev-standup.html)
    * [WIP] skaffold PR
* [name=Trey]
    * two prs open
    * working on next phase to move the argo logic to the service layer so the CLI just interacts with our service instead of reaching out with argo directly
* [name=Robyn]
    * Reviewed Trey PRs - has a couple of comments
    * opening PR for #118 today
    * will move on to #117
