---
title: "2025-10-13: Dev standup"
date: "2025-10-13"
---

## Participants

* Robyn
* Trey
* Rushiraj


## Activities review

* [Rushiraj]
* One person shares screen (rotate!)
* Review columns right-to-left:
  * What is newly completed?
  * What is waiting for review?
  * What is currently being worked on?
  * What will we work on next?



## Discussion

* Updates:
    * [name=Rushiraj]:
        * Created PRs for OGDC helm
            * [PR#26](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-helm/pull/26) and [PR#27](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-helm/pull/26)
            * One issue remains with ogdc-runner API accessing the new endpoint - will create an issue to address. Port forwarding works locally, but using the test api URL is not working.
        * Reviewing latest changes for OGDC-runner / existing PRs
        * [WIP] Portal improvements and fixes
    * Robyn:
        * Reviewing ogdc-helm PRs
        * Poster for GSW - will have draft ready for tomorrow
        * Prep for coordinating board meeting
    * Trey:
        * Out on Friday
        * Thurs. - worked on issue to address generating `recipe_id`.
            * [OGDC-runner/PR](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/pull/95)


## Action items

- [ ] robyn and trey to review Rushiraj's PRs on OGDC-helm
- [ ] Rushiraj to review ogdc-runner
