---
title: "2025-02-19: Dev standup"
date: "2025-02-19"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn M
* Alyona
* Rushiraj


## Discussion

* Robyn
    * Wrapping up restructure of dev quarto site
    * setting up Readthedocs for `ogdc-runner`
    * Getting on a call on the calendar with Rushiraj to answer questions on `ogdc-heml #4` setting up qgnet dev space

* Trey
    * No update at the moment - not allocated right now

* Rushiraj
    * wrapping up PDG packages
        * success in running in parallel 
        * i/o limitations trying to address
    * transforming to OGDC runner as next step
    *  still hoping to set up CI call 
        * one with ci advising group - will work with Matt on that
        * one with internal team

* Alyona
    * Focused on [backfill](https://github.com/PermafrostDiscoveryGateway/viz-workflow/issues/51)
    * [Backfill layers with WMTSCapability.xml for already processed layers](https://github.com/PermafrostDiscoveryGateway/viz-workflow/issues/51)
    * [Enhance WMTSGenerator for Multi-Layer Support](https://github.com/PermafrostDiscoveryGateway/viz-workflow/issues/52)
        * example: a single layer could be available in PNG, geotiffs, geojson, etc...


## Action items

- [ ] [name=Rushiraj] Schedule internal team CI review
- [ ] [name=Rushiraj] Schedule CI team call (check in with Matt on timeline and members)
- [ ] [name=Robyn, Rushiraj] Schedule DataONE API integration call
