---
title: "2025-10-09: Dev standup"
date: "2025-10-09"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Rushiraj


## Discussion

* Rushiraj:
    * got minio pvc working for local install
    * Have ingress working
    * Updates to the "simplify ogdc install" to add docs and other small changes
    * Ensuring workflows work as expected an d tests pass.
    * Will mark PR ready for review today. Second PR has some follow-up docs but also close.
    * Thinking will wrap up these items and then transition to portal work in prep for Coordinating board meeting. Plan for deployment of release to prod early/mid next week.
* Trey:
    * Reminder: Trey out tomorrow
    * PRs for reogranizing `ogdc-runner` and preparing for an initial 0.1.0 release
        * Rushiraj plans to utilize reogranized `ogdc-runner` in tests w/ new helm charts.
* Robyn:
    * Conflict with class, so did not attend
    * Slack update: plans to focus on qgreenland work later this afternoon and continuing on GSW poster for initial review on Monday.

## Action items

- [ ] Use checkboxes here!
