---
title: "2025-10-16: Dev standup"
date: "2025-10-16"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj


## Discussion

* Robyn
    * Made edits to poster based on feedback
    * Finishing review of ingress work

* Rushiraj
    * Reviewing PRs and implementing changes based on feedback. Hoping to wrap up work on PRs today
* Trey
    * Ran into networking issue w/ alpine linux images on the dev cluster.
    * Will switch to ubuntu as solution

## Action items

- [] deploy next week
