---
title: "2025-10-14: Dev standup"
date: "2025-10-14"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj


## Activities review

* One person leads taking notes (rotate!) but everyone helps out.
  * Replace these bullets with notes as you go!
* One person shares screen (rotate!)
* Review columns right-to-left:
  * What is newly completed?
  * What is waiting for review?
  * What is currently being worked on?
  * What will we work on next?



## Discussion

* [name=Trey]
    * Wrapping up review on ogdc-helm PRs.
* [name=Robyn]
    * Workin on Poster for GSW - Google Slides draft is ready for review.
    * Trying to resolve some issues with installing ogdc locally.
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * [WIP] Re-processing portal layers
        * demo portal: [QGreenland](https://demo.arcticdata.io/portals/QGreenland/Imagery-Viewer)
    * [WIP] Review existing PRs for ogdc-runner


## Action items

- [ ] Use checkboxes here!
