---
title: "2025-01-27: Dev standup"
date: "2025-01-27"
---

## Participants

* Rushiraj
* Robyn


## Discussion

* Rushiraj to open PR on architecture diagrams by EOD or early tomorrow so they can be included in annual report. Will exclude hashstore diagram which is still being worked on.
* Rushiraj looking at running workflows in parallel and will start a branch from OGDC-Runner
* Robyn working on workflow of workflows figuring out why it's not working
* Robyn also working on contributing to annual report.
