---
title: "2025-11-05: Dev standup"
date: "2025-11-05"
---

## Participants

* Robyn
* Rushiraj

## Activities review

* [name=Robyn] finishing open PR on ogdc-helm
    * some time spent on other projects
    * getting ready to leave for greenland
    * Rushiraj running into some issues on treys ogdc-runner PR so Robyn will test to see if the issues are the same for both.

* [name=Rushiraj]
    * opened some draft PRs (WIP)
        * [ogdc-runner#62](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/pull/113) - docs for viz-wf
        * [ogdc-runner#69](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/pull/114) - rasterization and 3dtiles support
    * Reviewing Trey's PRs on viz-wf changes
    * Focusing on portal enhancements for GSW today / tomorrow

## Discussion

* Take notes here!


## Action items

- [ ] Use checkboxes here!
