---
title: "2025-12-09: Dev standup"
date: "2025-12-09"
---

## Participants

* Rushiraj
* Trey
* Robyn



## Discussion

* [name=Trey]
    * PR for using CNPG: https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-helm/pull/42
    * Working on auth component of OGDC API
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Review of ogdc-helm PR to use CNPG
    * Wrapping up work on extending viz workflow/shell workflows w/ parallel execution
* [name=Robyn]
    * PR w/ integration test for viz workflow
    * working on #116 hoping to open a PR this afternoon
        * could use UUID's for unique identifiers, wont be able to tell what recipe it is but would still be unique
    * Plan to address [#70: storage: update existing dataset to store workflow outputs](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/.github/issues/70) next
