---
title: "2025-03-10: Dev standup"
date: "2025-03-10"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn M.
* Alyona
* Rushiraj



## Activities review

* One person leads taking notes (rotate!) but everyone helps out.
  * Replace these bullets with notes as you go!
* One person shares screen (rotate!)
* Review columns right-to-left:
  * What is newly completed?
  * What is waiting for review?
  * What is currently being worked on?
  * What will we work on next?


* [name=Rushiraj]
    * [Architecture diagram](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/.github/issues/65#issuecomment-2711600116)
    * [PDG/OGDC Presentation slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ywBIVqJqzSNjYu7Wqt-D-b6wNrGskG8yCF4WFOCpKeA/edit?usp=sharing)
    * PGSQL connectivity [ogdc-helm#PR-17](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-helm/pull/17)
        * updating description to test & avoid things I've already tried
* [name=Robyn]
    * Has PR open for dev webpage
    * draft PR open for Read the docs
    * waiting on PR's from rushiraj
* [name=Alyona]
    * still looking at workers and time and not seeing linear results
    * writing to parquet instead of CSV
    * huge request from anna to change priority to do infrustructure map layer
* [name=Trey]
    * will take a look at some PR's

## Discussion

* Rushiraj and Alyona presentation went well


## Action items

- [ ] Rushiraj: to update PR description to test PSQL connectivity and things already tried so far
- [ ]
