---
title: "2025-04-16: Dev standup"
date: "2025-04-16"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn M
* Rushiraj
* Alyona

## Activities review

* Updates [name=Rushiraj]
    * Finishing up existing issues with Parallel exec
        * Batching step issu with `Scripts`
    * CI Slide deck PR by Robyn
    * Haven't looked into PSQL further
        * Can consult with Matthew if the team is having issues as well
        * probably early next week (won't be in time for the CI review)
* Updates [name=Robyn]
    * CI slide deck - call scheduled for tomorrow
    * Need to look at rushirajs psql issue
    * may clean up read the docs a little more
* Updates [name=Alyona]
    * focusing mostly on another project
    * doing parquet but making changes for that

## Discussion

* questions about quarto and why we use it

## Action items

- [ ] Use checkboxes here!
