---
title: "2025-10-28: Dev standup"
date: "2025-10-28"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj


## Activities review

* [name=Robyn]
    * Completed poster
    * Hoping to fix.finish GCHR config for ogdc-helm
        * qgreenland-net
        *  `oci://ghcr.io/qgreenland-net/charts/ogdc-helm`

* [name=Rushiraj]
    * viz-workflow enhancements and documentation. Should have a PR ready for tomorrow.
    * Started prod values yaml. Similar to dev, just tweaking some domain names.

* [name=Trey]
    * Merged small PR on ogdc-recipes
    * Wrapping up PR fixing an issue with remote recipes.



## Action items

- [ ] deployment discussion this afternoon
