---
title: "2025-12-03: Dev standup"
date: "2025-12-03"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj



## Activities review

* [name=Trey]
    * Discussing security of recipe submissions
    * considering dropping support for local recipes (paths) and just moving forward with URLs (github repos)
    * Eventually create an endpoint for visualizing geospatial data with DATAONE inputs
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Finished reviewing service layer and skaffold PR
        * everything spin up well
* [name=Robyn]
    * no updates
