---
title: "2025-12-10: Dev standup"
date: "2025-12-10"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj


## Discussion

* [name=Trey]
    * Reviewing Robyn's PR to fix agro `generate_name` bug
    * Working on auth component
        * discussion on Auth token vs DB user
* [name= Robyn]
    * merged Viz integration test PR
    * reviewed trey's PR's
    * opened PR for `generate_name` bug which includes recipe URL validation
    * will be looking at [#70](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/.github/issues/70)
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * PR reviews and testing
        * CNPG
        * db + adminer
        * viz-wf integration tests
        * [WIP] gen_recipe_name PR
    * WIP parallel interface
        * compelted shell workflow
        * viz next up
    * [DataONE docs](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/.github/issues/70#issuecomment-3638177389)
