---
title: "2025-02-12: Dev standup"
date: "2025-02-12"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Rushiraj
* Robyn
* Alyona



## Discussion

* Trey - no longer focused on QGreenland.
    * out on vacation this Thurs. and  Friday.
* Rushiraj - will not be available for standup on the 26th.
    * Will have some PRs for improving modularity of PGD pipelines later this week, hope to release by end of month.
    * Started looking at running multiple steps in paralell with argo
* Issue for familiarizing  with DataONE API: https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/.github/issues/1
    * WE want to generate a list of datasets that fall within our area of interest and are in a geospatial data format (e.g., .shp, .gpkg, .tif).
    * Updated query using QGreenland bounding box:
* Alyona
    * Working on STAC
    * Updating metadata related to datasets processed to be visualized on the PDG portal.
