---
title: "2026-01-05: Dev standup"
date: "2026-01-05"
---

## Participants

* Robyn
* Trey
* Rushiraj



## Activities review

* One person leads taking notes (rotate!) but everyone helps out.
  * Replace these bullets with notes as you go!
* One person shares screen (rotate!)
* Review columns right-to-left:
  * What is newly completed?
  * What is waiting for review?
  * What is currently being worked on?
  * What will we work on next?



## Discussion

* [name=Trey]
    * PRs for auth open/ready for merge.
    * Working on presentation about GSW for NSIDC brownbag (https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/qgreenland-net.github.io/issues/133)
    * Try to aim for release & deployment later this week or next.


* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Wrapping up / Closing existing PRs + clean up
    * WIP addressing some design dec
* [name=Robyn]
    * Went through all open PR's
    * working on [#70](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/.github/issues/70)
    * will take second pass of #138 when Rushiraj updates after initial feedback
