---
title: "2026-02-18: Dev standup"
date: "2026-02-18"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj


## Discussion

* [name=Trey]
    * Focusing on QGreenland-Core related items
    * Wrapped up reviewing PR for parallel shell workflows.
* [name=Robyn]
    * Resolved issue with testing open PRs
    * Plan to pair tomorrow on dataone input PRs
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * cnpg chart issue at ADC has been resolved.
        * Helm v4 crd schema is strict. If we add fields this could be a problem. Will need to test in dev.
    * Working on viz workflows parallelization.
    * Out Tuesday & Wed. next week.
