---
title: "2025-01-15: Dev standup"
date: "2025-01-15"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn M.
* Rushiraj
* Rikki



## Discussion

- [name=Trey]
    - Wrapping up work on serving temporary outputs
    - Plan to review PRs later this afternoon.
- [name=Robyn M.]
    - wrapping up [#76](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/.github/issues/76)  PR open on [recipe](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-recipes/pull/9) draft on [runner](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/pull/147) will change a few things to put into ready for review
- [name=Rushiraj]
    - No major updates for today
    - Hoping to continue working on parallel interface for viz recipes
    - TODO: Robyn's PRs on dataone input type
