---
title: "2026-01-06: Dev standup"
date: "2026-01-06"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj



## Discussion

* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Understanding and reviewing Auth
        * [ogdc-runner#]
        * [ogdc-runner#139](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/pull/139)
        * [ogdc-helm#]
    * ADC / DataONE interest for KeyCloak integratino
        * ORCID main auth mechanism
    * Deployment cycle on dev/prod cluster
    * [WIP] Parallel orc [ogdc-runner#138]
* [name= Robyn]
    * Focusing on other work this morning
    * Plan to pair on #70 tomorrow
* [name=Trey]
    * Working on GSW lunchtime presentation.
    * Create issue for adding support for authenticating w/ ADC's keycloak (created here: Add support for authenticating w/ ADC keycloak [ogdc-runner#142](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/issues/142))
