---
title: "2026-02-02: Dev standup"
date: "2026-02-02"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj


## Discussion

* [name=Trey]
    * Working on making "temporary" outputs actually temporary (see [issue
      #152](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/issues/152))
* [name=Robyn]
    * Working on finishing up reviews of Trey's PR's
    * Still in progress on new recipe and test for DataOne import type and nearly there!
    * Out of office Thursday and Friday this week
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Completed reviewing existing PR
    * Wrapping up my currently open PR
        * transitioning to new project

## Action items

- [ ] Use checkboxes here!
