---
title: "2026-01-29: Dev standup"
date: "2026-01-29"
---

## Participants

* Robyn
* Trey
* Rushiraj


## Discussion

* [name=Trey]
    * Ready to move onto other work.
    * Ideas for next items:
        * Ensure temporary output recipes get cleaned up
        * Connect/track recipe executions to db
* [name=Robyn]
    * still working on tests for #76.
        * Added new recipe that has multiple files (can see in [#9](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-recipes/pull/9))
    * started reviewing Trey's PR's
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Still working on the OOM issues, Alyona and Justin helping with testing things out
        * lot of memory consumption for higher z levels
    * Wrapping up work on viz-workflow this week and planning to have a PR ready
        * viz packages might follow up with some releases, but no changes would be required on the OGDC end
    * Work cyles for next two months (Feb/Mar 2026):
        * 20% OGDC and 80% on another project
        * about 1 day a week, may be Wednesday (open)
