---
title: "2026-01-07: Dev standup"
date: "2026-01-07"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj

## Discussion

* [name=Trey]
    * PR for CLI tests
    * thinking about how to approach outputs that dont want to be published to dataONE but need to be exposed to be able to allow user access to fetch output
        * thinking minio time scoped url
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Wrapped up auth PRs
        * Just need to approve one last one
    * Finishing work on Shell Parallel recipes
* [name=Robyn]
    * Working on learning about the dataone api and updating an existing dataset.
    * Will work on supporting dataone as an input type (issue [#76](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/.github/issues/76) )


## Action items

- [ ] Think about open office hours for QGreenland-Net w/ initial audiance focused on ADC internal users.
