---
title: "2026-01-22: Dev standup"
date: "2026-01-22"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Rushiraj
* Robyn


## Discussion

* [name=Robyn]
    * Discussion about PRs currently open supporting dataone input type
        * want to fetch just what we need filename filtering etc because fetching entire package can be very large.
        * current filtering approach is fine but using name matching etc
* [name=Rushiraj]
    * Allocation is decreasing for Feb-March
    * Looking to wrapup parallel interface for viz/shell workflows. Going to discuss w/ Matt.
* [name=Trey]
    * PRs open for work on temporary outputs & ingress in local development.
    * Will likely be around on Monday after all.


## Action items

- [ ] Use checkboxes here!
