---
title: "2025-01-20: Dev standup"
date: "2025-01-20"
---

## Participants

* Trey
* Robyn
* Rushiraj


## Activities review

* One person leads taking notes (rotate!) but everyone helps out.
  * Replace these bullets with notes as you go!
* One person shares screen (rotate!)
* Review columns right-to-left:
  * What is newly completed?
  * What is waiting for review?
  * What is currently being worked on?
  * What will we work on next?

## Discussion

- [name=Trey]
    - working on PR for temp published outputs on S3 artifact back end. Also an associated PR for setting up ingress.
    - Trey will be out this Friday. Maybe next Monday as well.
- [name=Robyn]
    - Worked with Trey Friday on PR #76
- [name=Rushiraj]
    - No major updates on OGDC
        - was working on PDG lake change dataset most of Friday
    - TODO: Robyn's [PR#147](https://github.com/QGreenland-Net/ogdc-runner/pull/147) on dataone input type
    - Ceph upgrade this past weekend - Nick Outin
        - v18.X to v19.X
        - successful

## Action items

- [ ] Use checkboxes here!
